Proposed structure for these meetings by @Smokyish. To be tested in this first meeting.

## Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda
###### Meeting Date: July 7th, 2pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://youtu.be/2-gvzUsLCuI)
#### Participants
- @harshjv
- @readevalprint
- @luisivan
- @izqui facilitator
- @Smokyish to handle recording, live streaming and collection of questions by viewers
#### Agenda
- Accounting app progress (@readevalprint)
- Overall v0.4 refactor state and scoping of the v0.4 deliverable (@izqui)
- Review of this week sprint https://github.com/orgs/aragon/projects/1 (@izqui)
- Meta: opinions on sprint organization (@everyone except @izqui)
- v0.5 planning (@harshjv)
- Versioning protocol https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/19 (@luisivan)
- v0.5 web3 providers. uPort & Ledger integration? Remove Metamask? (@izqui)
- What is everyone's focus/goals for next week (@everyone gets to talk)
- Other questions, comments or concerns by participants.
- Questions, comments or concerns by live viewers.
- Closing meeting
