## Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda
###### Meeting Date: July 21st, 2pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://youtu.be/XwKnGjw0Nqs)
#### Participants
- @readevalprint
- @onbjerg
- @luisivan
- @izqui facilitator
- @Smokyish to handle recording, live streaming and collection of questions by viewers
#### Agenda
- Welcoming @onbjerg. How is research going?
- Accounting app progress (@readevalprint)
- Propose researching to see if [populus](https://populus.readthedocs.io) would be a viable framework (@readevalprint)
- Kernel refactor update (@izqui)
- Kickoff v0.5 (@all)
- v0.4 audit strategy and timeline (@izqui)
- What is everyone's focus/goals for next week (@everyone gets to talk)
- Other questions, comments or concerns by participants.
- Questions, comments or concerns by live viewers.
- Closing meeting
